Dataset-specific JSON/TOML configuration (#1646)
openPMD/openPMD-api: docs/source/details/backendconfig.rst

  In "template" mode, only the dataset metadata (type, extent and attributes) are stored and no chunks can be written or read (i.e. write/read operations will be skipped).
* ``json.attribute.mode`` / ``toml.attribute.mode``: One of ``"long"`` (default in openPMD 1.*) or ``"short"`` (default in openPMD 2.* and generally in TOML).
  The long format explicitly encodes the attribute type in the dataset on disk, the short format only writes the actual attribute as a JSON/TOML value, requiring readers to recover the type.

Dataset-specific configuration
------------------------------

> Some configuration options should be applicable on a per-dataset basis.

Reviewer: This might be a bit clearer:
```suggestion
Sometimes it is beneficial to set configuration options for specific datasets.
```

Most dataset-specific configuration options supported by the openPMD-api are additionally backend-specific, being format-specific serialization instructions such as compression or chunking.

> Such dataset-specific and backend-specific configuration is hence specified under the key path ``<backend>.dataset``, e.g.:

Reviewer: The initial examples are not really showing dataset specific (filtered/selected) examples, so I reworded this a little to avoid confusion:
```suggestion

All dataset-specific and backend-specific configuration is specified under the key path ``<backend>.dataset``.
Without filtering by dataset name (see the ``select``` key below) this looks like:
```
